# The-Gaming-Room

The client Gaming Room wanted to develop a web-based game that served multiple platforms based on their current game, Draw It or Lose It, which was only available in an Android app. The application rendered images from a large library of stock drawings as clues and teams had to compete to guess what is being drawn. An aspect of the documentation I did well was evaluate the various platforms for their characteristics, advantages, and weaknesses for hosting a web-based software application. I used research to find the characteristics of each platform and compared how they would perform for hosting the application. The process of working through a design document can be helpful when developing code because it can help clarify requirements, provide a roadmap for the development process, and identify potential issues. This can save time and effort and can help ensure that the code is developed in an organized manner. A part of the document I would have revised would've been discussing the client side of the Linux operating system. I would've discussed compatibility and that some Linux distributions may not be compatible with certain hardware or software, so it's important to do research and choose a distribution that will work well with your setup. User needs can be interpreted by engaging with users and gathering information about their requirements and preferences. This can involve conducting user interviews and observing users as they interact with the software. Gathering this information can give you insight into the user's needs and preferences, and this information can be used for design decisions. It's important to consider the user's needs when designing software because it helps to ensure that the software is effective and valuable to the user. When designing software, it should be broken down into steps that begin with identifying the problem. Then moving on to creating a concept, developing the design, and refining the design as needed. A strategy I would incorporate would be gathering user feedback as it is developed to make sure it provides value to the user audience. It's important to continue to iterate and refine the design based on feedback from users, stakeholders, and the development team. 
